when Sara and I were their teenagers we
we meet sometimes we smoked the pot it
smells like marijuana lying on your side
it looks like giant billows of marijuana
smoke they're coming up on the stage
which is exciting when we were teenagers
we used to smoke pot from time to time
one time we we got pot with a few of our
friends and we we smoked a bunch of it
and we were like you know we were about
to do the thing where you make food
after you smoked pot and so we went
upstairs out of the basement and we
started making snacks and stuff there
and my mom came home from work and we
all like and went downstairs to start
work like she was leaving school at the
time and well five minutes later I heard
Sarah will you come here
and so if Sarah went downstairs and
we're all like be cool man
so funny because you obviously smoked
more pop than me because that's not
actually
basically one by one my mom called bas
downstairs but a few minutes would pass
in between each person that she would
call downstairs like finally there was
just meat in the kitchen what's
happening and anyway so that I went
downstairs Tara thinks I was hurt it
doesn't matter one of them saying we
share the same brain at night we just
look into each other's eyes for about 30
seconds we just transfer all our
thoughts so anyway I go downstairs and I
walk into the room and it's like fucking
like a scene out of Blair Witch it's
like Sarah and two of my friends sitting
on the couch my mom's back to me as I
walk in and she slowly spins around on
this chair and she's got a bag of pot
along I knew she was all like was full
of shit it's much no great snow that was
so embarrassing I was like only round
white my mom was on it come on we're all
gonna get high together make something
anyway so my mom she flushed the pot
down the toilet a friend of mine took
credit for it we said we were holding it
for somebody and
and then my mom made us sit there with
her and burn out without any food as
pretty fucking awful
that's what I was thinking about during
our song